    https://codepen.io/Pete-Pan/pen/ExaRddq?editors=1100
    
    1. What is Semantic HTML? 
        It's the use of HTML to give meaning to the various parts (or elements) of our content.
    2. What is HTML used for? 
        To markup our content. This adds information about the meaning of various parts of the content and allows us to style it and give it functionality.
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
        It is information that is put inside an element's opening tag and controls this element's behaviour. 
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
        It is used on the main title of the page. Normaly it is used only once in a page.
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
        img     a
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
        Information about an HTML document that is used by browsers but is not displayed to the webpage, like metadata, links, style etc.
    7. What is an id? 
        It is an selector attribute unique for the element in which it is used.
    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
        To any kind of element.
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
        One.
    10. What is a class? 
        It is an selector attribute that can be used to different elements in a HTML document.
    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
        To any kind of element.
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
        As many as I want.
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
        Inside the opening tag and after the link put the attribute target=”_blank”.
    14. What is the alt attribute used for? 
        To provide text corresponding to the element it is applied to, most usually an image. In this case it a short desciption of the image.
        If the browser cannot render the image, or the user cannot see it, the text can provide some of the information that the image was to provide.
    15. How do I reference an id?
        Example: <h3 id="myName">Pete</h3>
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
        A section is part of the content that is distinguished by it's meaning, eg. a chapter, a piece of text with a title that is about a specific subject, a set of images.
        A div is just an element we markup with for other purposes, like styling or grouping.
    17. What is CSS used for? 
        To style our HTML document. To define how it looks.
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
        h2
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
        A class can be used as many times as needed in a page, an id only once.
        A class can be applied to a number of elements and so they can all be selected calling that class.
        An id is more specific than classes, so we use it when we want to give unique style or functionality to an element.
    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
        .className
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
        p.human
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
        We select every element of a kind that are children of a specific parent. This excludes all same elements that are not.
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
        .sidebar a
    24. What is a pseudo selector?
        It is a conditional selector. It is applied in a special state of the selected element.
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
        line-height:
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
        letter-spacing:
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
        text-transform:uppercase, lowercase, Capitalize.
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
        div{
            border:1px dotted black;
        }
    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
        *
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
        /*
        */
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
        pwd
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
        ls
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
        rm <file>.
        Be careful, there is no warning.
    34. Why should I use version control? 
        Because this way many people can work on the same project, and we can also revert to a previous working version of the project if some changes we make doesn't work.
    35. How often should I commit to github?
        Whenever I finish a task that completes something, ie fix a bug, add a piece of functionality etc. In any way, is should be pretty often.
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
        git push -u origin branch-name
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
        -Fork repo
        -Add collaborator
        -Clone repo
        -git clone in command line, inside of the directory we want to clone our version of repo
        -Inside the cloned repo directory, create a branch: git checkout -b 'firstname-lastname'
        -After we make changes, we add and commit (git add/git commit -m "message")
        -Push the changes to our version of the Github repo (git push -u origin branch-name)
        -Submit a pull request: in our Github, we select our name-branch and click "New pull request"
        -In the pull request page we change to our forked repo
        -Add reviewers
        -Submit pull request

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
        Block elements take the available full width and always start with a new line.
        Inline elements take only the required width and do not start with a new line.
        We cannot nest inline elements inside block elements.
        We can nest inline and block elements inside block elements.
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
        It is placed in an exact location on the page, in a fixed specified offset from it's first positioned ancestor, or from the body element if it doesn't have one.
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
        Using the "display: inline-block" property and giving it the width we want.
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
        Block: h1, p, div
        Inline: a, img
        Inline-block: button
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the fix for the box model? 
        The box model is a way for controling the spacing, space allocation and styling of this space of our elements. This also affects the element's position in the page.
        Our content is given a space (we set width and height) and it is surrounded by a border.
        Between content and border there is some space called padding, and out of the border a margin is defined, which is the distance the border has from it's closest elements in the page.
        Each of this areas is given a space (which can also be set to 0 for any of them) and so we can control spacing and position of our content. We can also style each of these areas.
        One issue is that each space given to each of these areas, adds to the total space of our box, and this can be difficult to control.
        To fix this, we can set the border area to be the actual border of the box, with the property "box-sizing: border-box;"